README.md, before:

# iRODS Bash Completer

This is a tool to allow the iRODS client icommands to have auto-complete functionality within Bash.

# Installation

The installation consists of two parts; building the command-line tool and configuring the bash auto-completion 
script.

## Building the command line tool

The tool is built with the given makefile. You will need to have the iRODS header files and runtime libraries to build it.
By default, these will be in ```/usr/include/irods/``` and ```/usr/lib/```, however, if you have installed iRODS to a non-standard
location, simply adjust the ```IRODS_HOME``` variable in the makefile to the appropriate value.

You can then build the tool by running

~~~
make all
~~~

which will create the tool at ```build/irods_bash_completer```. You can copy this executable to wherever you want to run it from.

## Configuring the Bash auto-completion

The Bash auto-completion script is at ```bash/icommands.d```. You will need to edit the ```opts``` line in this file to match the 
location of where you copied the executable ```irods_bash_completer``` to. For example if you installed it in ```/usr/bin```, then
you would need to change the line from

~~~
 opts=`/home/billy/Projects/irods_bash_completer/build/irods_bash_completer ${cur}`
~~~

to 

~~~
 opts=`/usr/bin/irods_bash_completer ${cur}`
~~~

At the bottom of the file it contains the auto-completion configurations for a number of the iRODS icommands. If you wish to add more 
entries then just add them in the format of:

~~~
complete -F _irods_completer <icommand to add>
~~~

Once you have and this needs to be copied into the directory into ```/etc/bash_completion.d/```. 


# Credits

iRODS Bash Completer is written by [Simon Tyrrell](https://github.com/billyfish). For questions or support, contact me directly or 
via the [Earlham Institute](http://www.earlham.ac.uk/contact-us/) page.


## License ##

Copyright (c) 2018, Earlham Institute under the Apache License Version 2.0.

Commit message:

Added menntion of the required irods-dev package

README.md, after:

﻿# iRODS Bash Completer

This is a tool to allow the iRODS client icommands to have auto-complete functionality within Bash.

# Installation

The installation consists of two parts; building the command-line tool and configuring the bash auto-completion 
script.

## Building the command line tool

The tool is built with the given makefile. You will need to have the iRODS header files and runtime libraries which are part of the irods-dev package to build it.
By default, these will be in ```/usr/include/irods/``` and ```/usr/lib/```, however, if you have installed iRODS to a non-standard
location, simply adjust the ```IRODS_HOME``` variable in the makefile to the appropriate value.

You can then build the tool by running

~~~
make all
~~~

which will create the tool at ```build/irods_bash_completer```. You can copy this executable to wherever you want to run it from.

## Configuring the Bash auto-completion

The Bash auto-completion script is at ```bash/icommands.d```. You will need to edit the ```opts``` line in this file to match the 
location of where you copied the executable ```irods_bash_completer``` to. For example if you installed it in ```/usr/bin```, then
you would need to change the line from

~~~
 opts=`/home/billy/Projects/irods_bash_completer/build/irods_bash_completer ${cur}`
~~~

to 

~~~
 opts=`/usr/bin/irods_bash_completer ${cur}`
~~~

At the bottom of the file it contains the auto-completion configurations for a number of the iRODS icommands. If you wish to add more 
entries then just add them in the format of:

~~~
complete -F _irods_completer <icommand to add>
~~~

Once you have and this needs to be copied into the directory into ```/etc/bash_completion.d/```. 


# Credits

iRODS Bash Completer is written by [Simon Tyrrell](https://github.com/billyfish). For questions or support, contact me directly or 
via the [Earlham Institute](http://www.earlham.ac.uk/contact-us/) page.


## License ##

Copyright (c) 2018, Earlham Institute under the Apache License Version 2.0.
